# Skin Creator #

Creates new skins and compiles css

#### skin structure ####

* texts.json, file with custom texts

	```
	{
   "slogan1":"Bienvenidos a B'MAPS",
   "slogan2":"Gestión de información geográfica"
}
```
* `*.php` files with the templates. DO NOT EDIT THIS FILES
* `img` folder. You must copy skins customized images, alway in `png`:


**Header logo, displayed on header of login page**:

```
	logo-header-login.png
	logo-header-login@2x.png retina screens version, not mandatory
	logo-header-login@3x.png retina screens version, not mandatory
```

**Footer logo, displayed on footer of login page and project selection**:

```
	logo-footer-login.png
```
**Header logo, displayed on project selection, AKA "pasarela"**:

```
	logo-header.png
	logo-header@2x.png retina screens version, not mandatory
	logo-header@3x.png retina screens version, not mandatory
```

**Footer logo, displayed on project selection, AKA "pasarela"**:

```
	logo-footer.png
```
`logo-header.png` and `logo-footer.png` will be used in case we develop more pages with header and footer, e.g User preferences page, table views, etc..

**Project logo, displayed on the toolbar:**

```
	logo_project.png
```
If yoy don't want logo in the toolbar, copy `img/pixel.png` and rename it as `logo_project.png`

* `css` folder. You can customize `css/masters/_colors.scss`


Each skin uses a compiled css version. You can find this compiled css in `css/dist`

UI javascript files are inside

**Development environment:**

`tpl/default/js/controller.js` and `tpl/default/js/interface.js`

**Production environment:**

To be defined

## Install ##

Check your `gulp` installation: https://gulpjs.com/docs/en/getting-started/quick-start

`npm install`


## Create a new skin ##

Will create a new skin, based on `default` structure.
Be awared that will clone `sewernet` skin. This skin is the compiled version of `default`.


#### usage ####

```
$>cd bmaps/tpl/default/skinCreator

$>gulp createSkin --skin newSkinName
```
**VERY IMPORTANT!**

Gulp task will add to `package.json` skin list the new skin, you **must run** `compileCss` to generate new skin's css.  

## Compile CSS ##

Generates CSS for skins.

Copies `.scss` files from `tpl/default/masters` to a temporal folder. Then copies specific colours file `../../skinName/css/master/_colors.scss` from each skin.

Compiles `.scss` to `.css` and copies to each skin css folder `../../skinName/css/dist/`.

#### Requirements ####

`package.json` must contain an array of available skins:

```
"skins":{
    "list": ["vidro","cat","bcasa","giacsa","manresa","mataro","sewernet"]
  }
```

Inside `tpl` each skin must have a `css/master/_colors.scss` file.


#### usage ####

```
$>cd bmaps/tpl/default/skinCreator

$>gulp compileCss
```
